This is a Pathfinder 2 role-playing game (similar to Dungeons & Dragons).

It has a game master, Player0, and four players:
- Player1 (now playing Lugh, a mischievous summoning doll who summons Dénarch, his more serious android eidolon used for combat and armor) (Cyril was first Wenriem, the mayor of Phandeline, and then Cellach, a thaumaturge who withstands attacks with his shield, also from the extended Silver Walls family like Wenriem);
- Player2 (previously playing Irkul, the leader of the Phandeline guards, and now Lilie, a bard thief who uses her charm and duplicity to help and persuade, and is married to Irkul); Mathieu also played the role of Zitrick, a small, white, lizard-like skirmisher who hangs himself as a man and is the apprentice of the guardian of the Fire Forest, a sub-section of the Bloodrock Forest surrounding Phandeline that had been ravaged by fire a few months earlier.
- Player3 (playing Ailouros, a mischievous, thieving cat-woman who fights with a bow and is aided by Darkcloak, an entity within her cloak)
- Player4 (playing Salazar, a naga, a serpent-man. He is a wise druid who respects nature as much as he is drawn to fire)

Phandeline is a village that the heroes rebuild during their adventure; it is located in the Bloodrock Forest in the Shelin region. The village of Phandeline has little contact with the outside world, but it opens up with the arrival of the heroes who rebuild it, including the former player character Wenriem, now mayor of the manor. He is a descendant of the Silver Walls family, an ancient, eradicated family that now seeks to revive its honor through its descendants.

PHANDELINE HERO GROUP QUESTS:

- Completed
Save the dwarves in the forge
Find and secure the old forge
Defeat Ada and the Black Spider, who hired the Red Irons
Defeat Glass-Stick, Iarno
The smoke from the prison (cc: Goblins and Kobolds are under the town, leaders defeated but not Venomfang or why demon))
Why are the goblins and kobolds under Phandeline?

Save the Heart of Fire and Zitrick, who replaces the former Fire Keeper to watch over the entire Bloodstone Forest.
Perform the grafting ritual for Esclav-Cyplet.
Annexe Coniberry to build the Phadeline Lumber Mill.
Kill or save the forest guardian druid, Redoth, for the green dragon Venomous Fang (save the Heart of Fire).

LIST OF IMPORTANT CHARACTERS
- Player Characters:
Salazar: Naga druid of Fire and Nature, wielder of Esclav-Cyplet, protector of the Fire Tree.

Ailouros: Catwoman, thief, scout, master of the bow and shadows, guides the infiltration. Lugh: A summoner doll seemingly made of precious materials, she summons her eidolon Denarch, a finely crafted fighting android whose main purpose is to grab and drown her enemies with Lugh's water spells.

Lilie: A bard-thief, charmer, and negotiator, she records rituals and oversees civil projects with her dog, who is trapped in amber (Mouaïbi).

- Ex-player characters:
Snip, a goblin in a distant penitentiary
Hekkat, a feline in a distant penitentiary
Irkul, in the Phadeline guard, who moved in with his daughter and his wife, Lili. (Klinka the ibex)
Zitrick, a small, white, lizard-like skirmisher who hangs himself and has become the new guardian of the Fire Tree, fused with the essence of fire. Wenriem, Lord of Phandeline, is working to establish the Silver Walls federation. He is the Mayor of Phandeline, a descendant of the Silver Walls, and a patron of the reconstruction.

Cellach: a thaumaturge with a silver shield, a defensive urban planner and diplomat, coordinates urban planning.

Natra: a palinde who has committed crimes and repented in the light, a repentant paladin, provides moral and spiritual support.

- Silver Wall Manor, the manor or seat of Wenriem, the Mayor of Phandeline:
Wenrief, the Spider's doppelganger, is Wenriem's ​​spy who usually takes the form of a thiefline.

Halya Thorntorn, Mine Manager with a shady past

- Coniberry, a lumberjack village adjacent to Phandeline:
Holy, a Coalt, a vain and highly intelligent rainbow-winged serpent
Lindaka, an explorer, scholar, and bookseller, future librarian
Jolie Brin Upwell: leader of the Coniberry lumberjacks, wielder of the magic axe

- In Phadeline:

- Miners/Blacksmiths:
Gundren (dwarf chieftain),
Ginder,
Balmar,
and Nundro Rockseeker

- Balmar's Company, a company of dwarf artisans based in Phadeline:
Balmar: master artist, head of the artist's company, and inventor
Gromril: alchemist
Oralnor: the dwarf apprentice who experiments (Wenriem's ​​magic leg, anti-dragon weapon)
Helm & Merine: also apprentices

- Merchants:
Sister Garael, the village healer, treats heroes, approves of and supports the ins
